What do you mean?
Are you cursing me to death?
Don't be angry, Mr. Chen
Mr. Xu must have a point in saying that
Mr. Xu, if you see any clues
What else do you want to explain?
He's not an outsider.
If the brat doesn't say a reason today
No one can save you
This dragon chair is the real way of the Son of Heaven
It's a pity
This dragon chair is already full of resentment
If I'm not mistaken
Once upon a time
Die on this dragon chair
Otherwise, there would be no such luck
The reason why I am sitting on the dragon chair now
Haven't felt anything yet
It's because there's so much aura.
Is the place of conclusion
Temporarily suppressed the resentment on this dragon girl
But now the dragon on this dragon girl
Already angry
If you keep it
I'm afraid I'll die
Look at the dragon on this dragon girl
It's raining black
Boy, don't coax me
This Longtou Martial Hall
Hey, it was oxidized from the source of the time scene.
What resentment reborn
This is nonsense.